Add Cyndi provider docs (#768)
RedHatInsights/clowder: docs/antora/modules/providers/pages/cyndi.adoc

= Cyndi Provider
================
:kafka-connect: https://docs.confluent.io/platform/current/connect/index.html#kafka-connect
:project-cyndi: https://consoledot.pages.redhat.com/docs/dev/services/inventory.html#cyndi
:cyndi-operator: https://github.com/RedHatInsights/cyndi-operator#cyndi-operator
:clowder-api-cyndi: https://redhatinsights.github.io/clowder/clowder/dev/api_reference.html#k8s-api-github-com-redhatinsights-clowder-apis-cloud-redhat-com-v1alpha1-cyndispec

The *Cyndi Provider* is responsible for ensuring the Cyndi pipeline is configured in the

> environment, and on Clowder managed environments, it is also responsible of creating the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment, and on Clowder managed environments. It is also responsible of creating the
```

CyndiPipeline resource, and configuring the underlying `Kafka Connect` so that the data syndication

> in Host Inventory database and the app's database works correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from Host Inventory database to the app's database works correctly.
```

{kafka-connect}[Kafka Connect] is the core component used to perform Inventory’s host database
syndication for some of the Insights platform applications, and uses an Operator to orchestrate
the synchronization process.

> It does so by creating a `CyndiPipeline` resource, and injecting on it the database Openshift

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does so by using a `CyndiPipeline` resource, which is created by Clowder, and injecting in the database
```

secrets for both the target db (the application’s) and the host inventory db.

{kafka-connect}[Kafka Connect] streams table updates to keep data syndicated between the host
inventory db and the application’s hosts view.

Please refer to the corresponing projects for more information about the {project-cyndi}[Cyndi project], the `CyndiPipeline` resource or the {cyndi-operator-project}[Cyndi Operator] itself please refer to the respective project’s documentation.

== ClowdApp Configuration

In order to request a `ClowdApp` to get the host syndication enabled by Cyndi, the `Cyndi` stanza

> would be used. A snippet of how that config would look like follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needs to be used. A snippet of how that config would look like follows.
```

[source,yaml]
----
# my-clowdapp.yml
# ...
cyndi:
  enabled: true
  appName: fancyapp
  insightsOnly: true
# ...
----

The attributes are described in Clowder’s API Spec documentation {clowder-api-cyndi}[here]

* *enabled* `[bool] default: true` - enables or disables the Cyndi dependency for this particular ClowdApp resource. 
* *appName* `[str] default: ''` - a string that sets the unique identifier of this ClowdApp on Cyndi.
* *insightsOnly* `[bool] default: false` - enables the data syndication for all hosts or Insights hosts only.

== ClowdEnv Configuration

The *Cyndi* provider will run in one of the two following modes, depending on whether if Clowder

> manages the environment or not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manages the environment or not;
```
